Kyla Brettle is a freelance audio producer and documentary film-maker living in Melbourne, Australia. Brettle started producing audio documentaries in 2000 and has made several programs for ABC Radio National's Radio Eye. Her work has been well received and broadcast internationally on the BBC, Radio New Zealand, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, JoyFM in Ghana, Radio Netherlands, RTHK in Hong Kong, and NPR in the US.

In 2002 Kyla won the Best New Artist Award at the Third Coast International Audio Festival in Chicago, and in 2003 she was Highly Commended at the Australian Moving Portrait Audio Documentary Awards. Brettle began working in the documentary genre after becoming a finalist in the first series of ABC Television's Race Around the World.

In 1998 Brettle obtained an Australian Broadcasting Corporation/Film Finance Corporation ACCORD pre-sale for a 27-minute program called The Pecking Order. In 2000, Brettle was granted development funding from the Australian Film Commission to research a 52-minute documentary called Murphy's Law in outback NSW.

Brettle has worked in several modes of non-fiction including print and video journalism. In Brettle was employed full-time as a journalist at The Sunday Age before quickly returning to freelance work. After eighteen months writing regularly for SundayLife! magazine Brettle shifted into solo video journalism.

Brettle has been a guest lecturer in observation radio and television documentary production at the Australian Film Television and Radio School (NSW), and Swinburne University in Melbourne. She is currently lecturing at RMIT University in Melbourne. She has also worked as a freelance sound recordist, interviewer and production assistant.

Brettle's background is in music and literature. She has a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Music from Melbourne University. She studied the oboe, flute and piano during school and obtained her VCE at the Victorian College of the Arts Secondary College.

clade Hypsogastropoda clade Littorinimorpha The durangonella de Coahuila snail, scientific name Durangonella coahuilae, is a species is a genus of minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae.

This species is endemic to Mexico; Coahuila being a state in the northeastern part of Mexico. Halicephalobus mephisto is a species of nematode, among a number of other roundworms, discovered by geoscientists Gaetan Borgonie and Tullis Onstott in 2011.

Halicephalobus mephisto is resistant to high temperatures, it reproduces asexually, and feeds on subterranean bacteria. According to radiocarbon dating, these worms live in groundwater that is 3,000–12,000 years old. The worms are also able to survive in waters with extremely low levels of oxygen, lower than one percent of the level of most oceans.

It is the "deepest-living animal" ever found, able to withstand heat and crushing pressure, and the first multicellular organism found at deep subsurface levels. A previously known species found at similar depths in the same study was Plectus aquatilis.

Halicephalobus mephisto worms measure from 0.5 to 0.56 mm in length. Though species in the genus Halicephalobus have few distinguishing features, H. mephisto can be differentiated from other species within its genus by its comparatively long tail, which is between 110 and 130 micrometres in length.

Symmolpis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. Kandila (Greek: Κανδήλα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Levidi, Arcadia, Greece. It is situated on the southern slope of the Oligyrtos mountain, at about 800 m elevation.

The village is not visible from far away, with the exception of the Monastery of Virgin Mary, which is built inside a large rock, on the side of the mountain and can be seen as you enter the plateau. In a document from 1467, it was stated that the Fields of Kandila, (the Kandyliotikos Kampos) were farmed and had ample supply of water.

Étienne Nicolas Méhul (22 June 1763 – 18 October 1817) was a French composer, "the most important opera composer in France during the Revolution." He was also the first composer to be called a "Romantic". Méhul was born at Givet in Ardennes to Jean-François Méhul, a wine merchant, and his wife Marie-Cécile (née Keuly).

In 1778 or 1779 he went to Paris and began to study with Jean-Frédéric Edelmann, a harpsichord player and friend of Méhul's idol Christoph Willibald von Gluck. Méhul's first published composition was a book of piano pieces in 1783. He also arranged airs from popular operas and by the late 1780s he had begun to think about an operatic career for himself.

UDP-N-acetyl-2-amino-2-deoxyglucuronate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.335, WlbA, WbpB) is an enzyme with system name UDP-N-acetyl-2-amino-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucuronate:NAD+ 3-oxidoreductase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction This enzyme participates in the biosynthesis of lipopolysaccharide UDP-alpha-D-ManNAc3NAcA.

Wiatrołuża is a river of Poland. Meechai Ruchuphan (born February 2, 1938 in Bangkok Thai: มีชัย ฤชุพันธุ์, RTGS: Michai Ruechuphan, Chinese: 卢自淘). Currently Meechai is the chairman/president of Thailand's Law Reform Commission, Council of State.

Lillias Rumsey Sanford (1850-1940) was the founder of Rumsey Hall School, the second private nondenominational pre-preparatory school in the United States, originally located in Seneca Falls, New York. Bonconto Arrondissement is an arrondissement of the Vélingara Department in the Kolda Region of Senegal.

The arrondissement is divided administratively into rural communities and in turn into villages. Vera Eugenia Andrus (1895 - 1979) was an American artist, and printmaker. Vera Andrus was born in Plymouth, Wisconsin. She was educated at the University of Minnesota, St.

She exhibited at the American Museum of Natural History, and the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Her papers are held at the Archives of American Art. Carlos Bastos (1925–2004) was an artist and painter, leader of the Brazilian Modernist Movement.

RFA Black Rover (A273) is a small fleet tanker of the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary. She is designed to replenish ships underway at sea with fuel, fresh water, and stores in all weather conditions. She has a helicopter deck served by a stores lift and is capable of conducting helicopter replenishment.

RFA Black Rover was built by Swan Hunter, being launched in 1973. She was accepted into service in 1974 and is scheduled to be decommissioned by 2010. In 2000, RFA Black Rover participated in Exercise Unified Spirit 2000 and Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX) 01-1.

By February 2001, RFA Black Rover had set sail from Devonport Naval Base at the start of an 11-month deployment as Atlantic Patrol Tanker (South). Along with HMS Glasgow, she set off to visit a number of ports as they sailed south and made their way to the coast of West Africa to support British forces in and around Sierra Leone.

RFA Black Rover was deployed from UK in June 2005 and its tasking included assisting with post-Tsunami reconstruction and participation in multi-national exercises in the Far East as the UK's component of the Five Power Defence Arrangement. On this deployment, she was commanded by Captain K Rimell.

RFA Black Rover now has the role of Flag Officer Sea Training (FOST) Tanker, and in September 2006 she hosted the RFA recruitment video film crew. RFA Black Rover’s role as FOST Tanker allowed the filmmakers to capture many of the RFA's abilities. Due to the busy nature of the FOST schedule, the film crew experienced a wide variety of exercises and evolutions during their time on board.

In 2013, Black Rover deployed to the Falkland Islands and South Georgia. The Premio Federico Tesio is a Group 2 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Milan over a distance of 2,200 metres (about 1 mile and 3 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in September.

The event is named after Federico Tesio (1869–1954), one of the most successful horse breeders in the sport's history. The race was given Group 2 status in the 1970s. It was cut from 2,200 to 1,800 metres in 1985. It was relegated to Group 3 and restored to 2,200 metres in 1988.

The Premio Federico Tesio was promoted back to Group 2 level in 2011. Most successful horse since 1975 (3 wins): Leading jockey since 1987 (6 wins): Leading trainer since 1987 (5 wins): The State of North Carolina has a group of protected areas known as the North Carolina State Park System, which is managed by the North Carolina Division of Parks & Recreation (NCDPR), an agency of the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources (NCDENR).

State Parks are the principle unit of the state park system. The NC Division of Parks & Recreation describes its parks as follows: Generally, State Parks are expected to possess both significant natural resource values and significant recreational values.

Several of the State Parks are new and are still being planned and developed. Also, a few of the older state parks were greatly expanded in size in the 2000s. State Recreation Areas more intensely developed units than State Parks, and they largely encompass lands less sensitive to human activities than State Parks.

Akira Satō is the name of: † Appearances (Goals). Aleksei Aleksandrovich Bakharev (Russian: Алексей Александрович Бахарев) (born 12 October 1976 in Petrov Val) is a retired Russian and Ukrainian football player. Bakharev played for two national teams: he played for Russia on 18 November 1998 in a friendly against Brazil and for Ukraine on 21 August 2002 in a friendly against Iran.

South Africa competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011. South Africa qualified 23 swimmers. South Africa has qualified 12 athletes in synchronised swimming. Punta Mujeres is a village in the municipality of Haría in the Las Palmas province of northern Lanzarote in the Canary Islands.

Coordinates: 29°8′42.99″N 13°26′52.2″W﻿ / ﻿29.1452750°N 13.447833°W﻿ / 29.1452750; -13.447833 A tundra tire (UK: tundra tyre) is a large low-pressure tire used on light aircraft to allow operations on rough terrain. The tundra-style tire has been independently invented at different times and places.

Phipps designed and constructed his own balloon tires in the period after the Second World War and fitted them to a Piper PA-18 Super Cub. Phipps then went on to provide air transportation to much of the Canadian high arctic region. He later established his own airline, Atlas Aviation, which operated a fleet of De Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters on balloon tires.

In the United States and particularly in Alaska, tundra tires of various designs were often installed under local field approvals by Federal Aviation Administration inspectors. These approvals were usually granted on the basis of visual inspections and did not include flight testing.

The tests used a Piper PA-18-150 Super Cub equipped in sequence with five different sets of tires, including standard factory tires and tundra tires up to 35 in (89 cm) diameter. The PA-18 was operated at different weights and center of gravity positions.

The testing on the ground revealed that the larger the tire the more restricted the forward visibility on the ground, that there was a nose-down pitching moment when the tires contacted the ground on landing, particularly on a wheel landing, and that tundra tire-equipped aircraft have substantially poorer ground handling characteristics on pavement.

The tests did not indicate that tundra tires raise stall speed, but did find that, due to increased drag in turns, the aircraft nose tends to drop excessively with an increase in bank angle. If the pilot counteracts this tendency with rudder and stalls the aircraft, the airplane will rapidly enter a spin.

Alaska bush pilots disputed the experimental findings, but, as a result of these experiments the FAA required that all installed tires be subject to a Technical Standard Order or Parts Manufacturer Approval, have been flight tested and subject to a weight and balance report, determining an acceptable flight envelope.

Charles McDowell, an Aviat Husky pilot stated: The 1985 World Series of Poker (WSOP) was a series of poker tournaments held at Binion's Horseshoe. There were 141 entrants to the main event. Each paid $10,000 to enter the tournament. NB: This list is restricted to top 30 finishers with an existing Wikipedia entry.

Proceratium google, also known as the Google ant, was discovered in Madagascar by Brian L. Fisher, Associate Curator of Entomology at the California Academy of Sciences. Fisher named the ant after the search engine Google, as a tribute to the usefulness of Google Earth in his research.

Fisher is also the executive director of the Madagascar Biodiversity Center, a project of the Bibikely Biodiversity Institute, which focuses on the systematics and preservation of species endemic to Madagascar. Ventenatia humifusa Cav. Astroloma denticulatum R.

Astroloma humifusum, commonly known as the native cranberry or cranberry heath, is a small prostrate shrub or groundcover in the heath family Ericaceae. The species is endemic to south-eastern Australia. Astroloma humifusum grows as a spreading mat-like shrub up to 50 cm (20 in) high and 0.

Astroloma humifusum was initially described as Ventenatia humifusa by Spanish botanist Antonio José Cavanilles in 1797, before being given its current binomial name by prolific Scottish botanist Robert Brown in his 1810 work Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae.

Brown also described a second species, Astroloma denticulatum, based on plant material that he had collected at Memory Cove in South Australia. It was later treated as a subspecies of A. humifusum (A. humifusum var. denticulatum), but is currently treated as a synonym of A.

Fontana is a Barcelona Metro station located under Carrer Gran de Gràcia and Carrer d'Astúries in the Gràcia district of Barcelona. It's served by L3. Opened in 1924 as part of the first metro line of the city (from Catalunya to Lesseps), the station retains some of the original decoration.

Coordinates: 41°24′8″N 2°9′9″E﻿ / ﻿41.40222°N 2.15250°E﻿ / 41.40222; 2.15250 E&A is the second studio album released by Minnesota hip hop duo Eyedea & Abilities. On this album, DJ Abilities continues experimenting with different styles, and his production grows much more layered and complex.

The Frick Collection is an art museum located in the Henry Clay Frick House on the Upper East Side in New York City on Fifth Avenue, between 70th and 71st Street. It houses the collection of industrialist Henry Clay Frick. Henry Frick started his substantial art collection as soon as he started amassing his fortunes.

The family did not permanently move from Pittsburgh to New York until 1905. Henry Frick initially leased the Vanderbilt house at 640 Fifth Avenue, to which he moved a substantial amount of his collection. He had his permanent residence constructed from 1912 to 1914 by Thomas Hastings of Carrère and Hastings.

John Russell Pope altered and enlarged the building in the early 1930s to adapt it to use as a public institution. It opened to the public on December 16, 1935. Further expansions of the museum took place in 1977 and in 2011. The Frick is one of the pre-eminent small art museums in the United States, with a high-quality collection of old master paintings and fine furniture housed in six galleries within the former residence.

The collection features some of the best-known paintings by major European artists, as well as numerous works of sculpture and porcelain. It also has 18th century French furniture, Limoges enamel, and Oriental rugs. After Frick's death, his daughter, Helen Clay Frick, expanded the collection, with a third of its artworks acquired since 1919.

Included in the collection are Jean-Honoré Fragonard's masterpiece, The Progress of Love, three paintings by Johannes Vermeer including Mistress and Maid, and Piero della Francesca's St. John the Evangelist. The Frick Collection oversees the nearby Frick Art Reference Library.

According to The Art Newspaper, the Frick Collection has a typical annual attendance of 275,000 to 300,000. About 35 percent of the visitors are non-English speaking. In 2011, Ian Wardropper succeeded Anne L. Poulet, who had run the Frick Collection as director since 2003.

During her time at the Frick Collection, Poulet increased the museum’s notably small board of trustees, adding 10 new members. She also introduced the Director’s Circle, a group of 44 members who each give a minimum of $25,000 a year to the Frick Collection, although many have made significantly larger contributions.

The Frick Collection has an operating budget of $10 million and an endowment of $170 million. Despite its large endowment, the institution still needs money to preserve the building. This is an incomplete list of the artworks of the collection, which mainly holds European artworks from before the 20th century.

Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, Louise de Broglie, Countess d'Haussonville, 1845 James McNeill Whistler, Harmony in Pink and Grey (Portrait of Lady Meux), 1881 D Concert: Disney Channel Concert Series is about Disney Channel stars such as Hannah Montana, High School Musical: The Concert, and The Cheetah Girls in concert.

The Serving Every Ohioan (SEO) Library Center, State Library of Ohio, located in Caldwell, Ohio, supports a consortium of 89 library systems at 200 locations in 46 counties . The SEO Library Center houses, maintains and supports a centralized shared catalog database that includes over 8 million items with a patron database of 930,000+ borrowers.

The SEO Library Center was established in January 1961 in Caldwell, Ohio Caldwell, Ohio with the intent of augmenting the services of twelve libraries in eight counties of Ohio which were among the states’ most impoverished. The eight counties included in the service area were Belmont Belmont County, Ohio, Guernsey Guernsey County, Ohio, Monroe Monroe County, Ohio, Morgan Morgan County, Ohio, Muskingum Muskingum County, Ohio, Noble Noble County, Ohio, Perry Perry County, Ohio and Washington Washington County, Ohio.

Parliamentary elections were held in Greece on 16 November 1952. They resulted in a victory for General Alexander Papagos and the party he had founded the previous year, the Greek Rally party. Papagos won by unifying most of the conservative forces under his leadership, and taking advantage of a weakened centre.

Olympic Stadium, also known as Opening Stadium, was a temporary stadium in Grenoble, France. Built to only host the opening ceremonies for the 1968 Winter Olympics, the stadium was immediately disassembled following the games. The stadium held 60,000 spectators.
